c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\FoodPalace.Core.dll.config
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\FoodPalace.Core.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\FoodPalace.Core.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\FoodPalace.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.WebHost.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Operation.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\FoodPalace.Infrastructure.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.WebHost.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\obj\Debug\FoodPalace.Core.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\obj\Debug\FoodPalace.Core.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\obj\Debug\FoodPalace.Core.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FoodPalace\FoodPalace.Core\bin\Debug\PageLinks.dll
